>> Instructor: So here's a function.
You can see it's literally a handler.
It takes an event and a callback.
Okay, this is advance, man,
I don't wanna talk about this.
Okay, I'm gonna talk about it.
This right here is a node-specific
thing in Lambda, only for
a node, because it's asynchronous.
This basically means, so by default,
Lambda will wait until the event loop
is empty before it decides to exit.
Who here doesn't know
what the event loop is?
So I can describe that.
It's totally fine, it's an advanced thing
if you don't know what the event loop is,
especially if you don't know JavaScript.
An event loop is basically how
JavaScript does asynchronous things.
An event loop, you can think of it like,
JavaScript is constantly going from top
to bottom to run synchronous operations.
When it comes across on the asynchronous,
it puts it in a table to be processed
later at the bottom of
this synchronous test, and
it continues on that process until
there is nothing registered, right, so
that's an event loop and
it keeps doing that.
By default,
the Lambda is going to continue to
be open until there's nothing left
on that asynch table basically.
This tells it to ignore that.
Just when I call done, be done.
When I run this call back,
just cut it off,
I don't care if there's anything
hanging in the background.
This is useful for database connections.
So if you connect to something pretty much
anything other than dynamo DV and Lambda,
which is why I did not talk
about databases in this course,
because it's extremely complicated.
You will have to do this, otherwise
a database connection is a long lift
connection and if you call the call
back inside of a lambda, it still won't
exit because there's still asynchronous
things hanging there at the background,
your database connection.
This tells Lambda to ignore that
database connection and exit anyway.
So very complicated,
that's what that first line is.
And then if we just look,
you can see it's kinda just.
I mean, what is it doing here?
It looks like it's
making a request object.
It's waiting for the next tick.
Yeah, it's basically just simulating
requests, I mean, I'm sorry,
it's just simulating express.
It's pretty simple here.
So yeah, nothing too fancy, but yeah,
that's basically what it's doing.
It's satisfying whatever expressed needs,
but
in the context of the Lambda's arguments.